Fixed #34318 -- Added release note for 4bfe8c0eec835b8eaffcda7dc1e3b203751a790a. (#16544)
django/django: docs/releases/4.1.txt

* The :func:`~django.conf.urls.i18n.i18n_patterns` function now supports
  languages with both scripts and regions.

* The :djadmin:`makemessages` commands, :file:`.po` files will not change if there is

>   no change in translations. Formerly POT-Creation-Date was always updated.

Reviewer: This should be moved to the [_"Backwards incompatible changes in 4.1" -> "Miscellaneous"_](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/releases/4.1/#miscellaneous).

> * The :djadmin:`makemessages` commands, :file:`.po` files will not change if there is
>   no change in translations. Formerly POT-Creation-Date was always updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :djadmin:`makemessages` command no longer changes :file:`.po` files when
  up to date. In older versions, ``POT-Creation-Date`` was always updated.
```
